Updating docs for clarity around running locally (#258)
langchain-ai/open-agent-platform: apps/docs/setup/agents.mdx

1. Clone the repositories
2. Follow the instructions in the READMEs
3. Deploy the agents to LangGraph Platform, or run `langgraph dev` to run the agents locally.

## Configuration

Once deployed or running locally, you can connect them to your instance of Open Agent Platform by setting the configuration environment variables. The configuration object is as follows:

```json
{
  "id": "The project ID of the deployment. For locally running LangGraph servers, this can be any UUID.",
  "tenantId": "The tenant ID of your LangSmith account. For locally running LangGraph servers, this can be any UUID Version 4.",

>   "deploymentUrl": "The API URL to your deployment. For locally running LangGraph servers, this can be any valid UUID Version 4.",

Reviewer: not here, needs to be on the `id` field above

  "name": "A custom name for your deployment",
  "isDefault": "Whether this deployment is the default deployment. Should only be set to true for one deployment.",
  "defaultGraphId": "The graph ID of the default graph for the entire OAP instance. We recommend this is set to the graph ID of a graph which supports RAG & MCP tools. This must be set in the same deployment which isDefault is set to true on. Optional, but required in at least one deployment.",
}
```
  <Tip>

>     If you are running agents locally via `langgraph dev`, the `tenantId` and `deploymentUrl` should be any valid UUID version 4 (random UUID), such as those generated by uuid.uuid4(). Just make sure you use the same tenantId and a different deploymentUrl for each agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you are running agents locally via `langgraph dev`, the `id` (project ID), and `tenantId` should be any valid UUID version 4, such as those generated by `uuid.uuid4()`. Ensure each graph has a unique `id`, and all graphs share the same `tenantId`.
```
